Updates to pages: Install, transcript, undo (#23)
BigSoftVideo/DOTE: transcript.md

#### The fourth cluster is for formatting text

The underline button is for adding and removing underlines to selected text. - Select some text and click the button.

The other button is to manually trigger a context-menu at the cursor position in the transcript. Normally this menu can be triggered at any time by pressing [ <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>ENTER</kbd> ] OR [ <kbd>⌘</kbd> + <kbd>ENTER</kbd>]

> This menu provides quick access to common / relevant symbols for the cursors position in the transcript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This menu provides quick access to common / relevant symbols at the cursor's current position in the transcript.
```
